Guys, I understand all this is boring, but I want you to understand the key concepts.
So bear with me, please.
This will all pay off, I promise.
So the structure of economics extension consists of a manifest file and one or more HTML, CSS, and
JavaScript files.
The manifest file is a decent file that specifies important information about the extension, such as
its name version and permissions.
It also specifies which files make up the extension and how this should be executed.
The HTML, CSS and JavaScript files contain the code that provides the extensions functionality.
These files can be used to add new features to the browser, modify the appearance and functions of
web pages and interact with the user.
So you may think that manifest is sort of the skeleton.
And JavaScript is the method.
Chrome extensions work by adding new functionality to the browser, either through the addition of new
features or the modification of existing ones.
When a user installs an extension, the manifest file is read and the extension is added to the list
of installed extensions in the browser.
The extension is then executed whenever the user performs an action that triggers it, such as visiting
a specific website or click on clicking on a button in the browser.
In addition to adding new functionality to the browser, extensions can also interact with the web pages
that the user is viewing.
This is done through the use of content scripts, which are also JavaScript files that are injected
into the web page and can modify its content or interact with its elements.
Don't worry, we will cover these again later on.